hi Food Network I'm Gina Swanson I'm 27
years old and I'm Amanda schnitz yes and
I'm 28 years old and this big guy is
Stefan and he's 21 years old and
together we're corner cupcakes based in
San Diego California we're San Diego's
only mobile cupcake bakery we go around
telling our gourmet cupcakes all over
San Diego County so now we've been
serving san diego cupcakes for three
months out of this truck and the
business is only getting better and the
flavors more exciting we can't wait to
be on Cupcake Wars to show you exactly
what we have we're unique in that word
San Diego's only cupcake truck we're
here to revolutionize the cupcake scene
and it changed the game our dreams for
opening up this mobile cupcake bakery
started when we were working our boring
corporate jobs we started working in the
corporate world right after we graduated
college we went to the same cubicle day
after day sitting under fluorescent
lighting crunching numbers doing the
same boring thing and it was our dream
to open up our own bakery so after two
years of working in a cubicle we finally
made the move and we quit our corporate
jobs and bought this truck and now
instead of sitting behind a desk every
day get to drive all around San Diego
bring sandy Aegon's everywhere delicious
cupcakes I'd say the best cupcakes
they've ever had
cookies
cupcakes
if I ever had my life so amazing so
we started baking a where we're hair
corporate jobs got off at five o'clock
and then started baking wedding kicks
there are so many nights we didn't even
sleep a wink now we do everything from
wedding cakes to corporate events to
giant cupcakes working for bridezillas
corporates high rents and we're under a
tight schedule we work in a rental
kitchen where we have to get in and out
as quickly as possible so fast so fast
we're used to working under pressure we
know that we've got this all of our
cupcakes are incredibly delicious but I
think the best one has to be chocolate
coconut with macadamia at frosting it is
so delicious like amazing I would say
that the best cupcake is our jalapeno
popper cupcake it's a yellow cake with
pieces of jalapeno in it topped with
cream cheese frosting so good when we
win the ten-thousand-dollar grand prize
we're going to put money towards giving
our truck a facelift and to put money
towards opening our own brick and mortar
store hey Food Network thanks for your
time choose us for Cupcake Wars because
we're energetic make an awesome cupcake
and where you take baking very seriously